   1. Which of the following is a software development process model that emphasizes on the iterative and incremental development of software?
    A. Waterfall model
    B. Agile model
    C. Spiral model
    D. RAD model

Answer: B

   2. Which of the following is a software development methodology that is based on the principles of lean manufacturing and just-in-time production?
    A. Waterfall model
    B. Agile model
    C. Six Sigma
    D. Kanban

Answer: D

   3. Which of the following is a software testing technique that involves testing the software with a large volume of data to ensure that it can handle the expected workload?
    A. Load testing
    B. Regression testing
    C. Acceptance testing
    D. System testing

Answer: A

   4. Which of the following is a measure of the complexity of a software system?
    A. Code coverage
    B. Cyclomatic complexity
    C. Coupling
    D. Cohesion

Answer: B

   5. Which of the following is a software development principle that promotes the separation of the interface from the implementation of a software component?
    A. Encapsulation
    B. Inheritance
    C. Polymorphism
    D. Abstraction

Answer: D

    6.Which of the following is a software testing technique that involves testing the software with different combinations of inputs to ensure that it can handle various scenarios?
    A. Load testing
    B. Integration testing
    C. Boundary value analysis
    D. Acceptance testing

Answer: C

   7. Which of the following is a software development methodology that emphasizes on the importance of continuous feedback and collaboration between developers and customers?
    A. Waterfall model
    B. Agile model
    C. RAD model
    D. Spiral model

Answer: B

   8. Which of the following is a software design pattern that is used to encapsulate a group of individual factories that have a common theme?
    A. Adapter pattern
    B. Singleton pattern
    C. Factory method pattern
    D. Abstract factory pattern

Answer: D

   9. Which of the following is a software quality attribute that refers to the ease with which a software system can be modified or adapted?
    A. Portability
    B. Reliability
    C. Maintainability
    D. Usability

Answer: C

    10.Which of the following is a software development technique that involves breaking down a large project into smaller, more manageable parts that can be completed independently?
    A. Agile development
    B. Scrum
    C. Waterfall development
    D. Divide and conquer

Answer: D
